Added text to close Issue #46 (#55)
uptane/deployment-considerations: security_considerations.md

Note also that, if used, Time Server costs are typically one signature verification per ECU per time period of update (e.g., daily).  This cost varies based upon the algorithm and thus its measurement can only be estimated based upon the algorithm.

### Using encrypted images on the Image repository

> The Standard does not explicitly mention using encrypted images on the Image repository because Uptane treats these blobs exactly the same as unencrypted blobs. It only imposes special requirements on images that are per-ECU encrypted on the Director repository. Therefore, there is no reason that such images can not be on the Image repository should an implementer wish to use them.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Images stored on the Image repository may have previously been encrypted or not, at the discretion of the implementer.  The Standard does not explicitly mention using encrypted images on the Image repository because Uptane treats these blobs exactly the same as unencrypted blobs. It only imposes special requirements on images that are per-ECU encrypted on the Director repository. Therefore, there is no reason that such images can not be on the Image repository should an implementer wish to use them.  
```

> Images stored on the Image repository may have previously been encrypted or not, at the discretion of the implementer.  The Standard does not explicitly mention using encrypted images on the Image repository because Uptane treats these blobs exactly the same as unencrypted blobs. It only imposes special requirements on images that are per-ECU encrypted on the Director repository. Therefore, there is no reason that such images can not be on the Image repository should an implementer wish to use them.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Images stored on the Image repository may have previously been encrypted or not, at the discretion of the implementer.  The Standard does not explicitly mention using encrypted images on the Image repository because Uptane treats these blobs exactly the same as unencrypted blobs. It only imposes special requirements on images that are per-ECU encrypted on the Director repository. Therefore, there is no reason that such encrypted images cannot be on the Image repository should an implementer wish to use them.  
```

Author: If you are are going to repeat the word "encrypted" then you don't need the word "such"
```suggestion
Images stored on the Image repository may have previously been encrypted or not, at the discretion of the implementer.  The Standard does not explicitly mention using encrypted images on the Image repository because Uptane treats these blobs exactly the same as unencrypted blobs. It only imposes special requirements on images that are per-ECU encrypted on the Director repository. Therefore, there is no reason that encrypted images cannot be on the Image repository should an implementer wish to use them.  
```

Author: @trishankatdatadog  is that agreeable to you?
